WSU CS 466 README
=================
Is intended to help setup the build environment for class so that we all do start from the same environment.

I locate all my development projects in a directory ```~/src``` Doing so allows me a consistant location scheme on any computer.  In linux the tilde character indicates your home directory.

It's not necessary that you use ```src``` as your parent directory but pick a directory that you treat as src of your own and install our class repo and development tools for class below it.  
If you experiance issues in lab it will help me isolate where the issue lies.  It 'should' also make all my ```make``` and ```cmake``` files work straight off without modification.

You will need git installed and possibly other applications as well (git, cmake, ) use ```sudo apt install``` for missing packages

 - The pico directory that I create below is a peer to the class CS466_S22 directory that you can install with the following commands
	- ```cd ~/src``` (or your replacement for src)
	- ```git clone https://github.com/milhead2/cs466_s22.git```
	
This file is the README.md from the class repo.

Build Environment Installation Steps
------------------------------------
- Install the required packages.
	- `sudo apt install git cmake gcc-arm-none-eabi libnewlib-arm-none-eabi libstdc++-arm-none-eabi-newlib`

	- Verify that you can see the installed compiler in your path
		- ` arm-none-eabi-gcc --version`
		- Should produce the output...
			```
			arm-none-eabi-gcc (15:9-2019-q4-0ubuntu1) 9.2.1 20191025 (release) [ARM/arm-9-branch revision 277599]
			Copyright (C) 2019 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
			This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO
			warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
			```

- Prepare the build. This will create the `build` directory, downloads required packages, and generates makefiles.
	- `cmake -B build`

- For troubleshooting, list all targets generated by the CMake configuration.
	- `cmake --build build --target help`

- Build the project. This command will build ALL of the targets including examples and may take a long time (not recommended).
	- `cmake --build build`

- Build just one target [`lab1`] and its dependencies. Speed up the build by enabling parallelization (recommended).
	- `cmake --build build -t lab1 -j 8`

- If the build is successful, the file `lab1.uf2` will be created in the `build/lab1` directory.  To execute that file reboot the pico into drive-loader-mode by booting with the button pressed and copy the `lab1.uf2` to the faux drive that the pico creates.
	- `cp lab1.uf2 /media/miller/RPI-RP2`

Backup Information (ignore below)
---------------------------------
	
		
		
		
		
18274  cd pico/
18276  cd pico-examples/
18286  cd ..
18291  git clone git@github.com:raspberrypi/pico-sdk.git
$ cd blink
$ cp blink.uf2 /media/miller/RPI-RP2


wget https://github.com/FreeRTOS/FreeRTOS-LTS/releases/download/202012.03-LTS/FreeRTOSv202012.03-LTS.zip

